# Immerse
#### Video Demo:  <URL [HERE](https://youtu.be/QfCiaEBWTGw)> 
#### Description: Immerse is a library of various mediums of books. Much like IMDb it allows users to access a huge library of books (using Google Books API) and provided the user is logged in they can then rate the books. Once they have rated books of their choice they can see a list of their favourite books (ordered by rating) and their ratings for the books are also uploaded onto our ranked list by all users.
#### Files: The project consists of apology.html as an homage to CS50, an index.html which is the homepage, a leaderboard.html which shows the ranked list by all users, login.html and register.html for login and registration respectively, mylist.html which is the users personal list of favourite books, search.html that allows users to search for books and sign.html which like layout.html is used for consistency in design where sign.html is used for login and registration and layout.html for the rest. I created a style.css for any additional styling I decided to do. Majority of the styling was done using Bootstrap. I also created a project.js file which consists of all the code that was used in order to create and use the rating for books. I wanted to note that for the sake of keeping the database as small as possible books are only added once it has been rated by a user. The project.db consists of a users table to store information about the user, an authors table, a books table which includes book details and contains the average rating for a book which is done by total_ratings / ratings_count, and a rating table that saves user ratings.
